Clarify ambiguous phrasing in roadmap (#2678)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: docs/project/roadmap.md

We expect this to also include at least enough of Carbon's features and C++
interop to support [our basic example](/docs/images/snippets.md#mixed).

Note that we don't expect to finish implementing the 0.1 design in 2023. Our

> goal is to make sufficient progress that we can complete it in 2024, but there

Reviewer: Maybe also worth avoiding an ambiguous "it" here?

```suggestion
goal is to make sufficient progress that we can complete the implementation in 2024, but there
```
